>> Mike North: The last strategy here, and
this is probably one of the more complex
generic strategies, strategies that
have a name, that are accepted as
a pattern that we wanna use, it is
called the cache and update strategy.
So here, the app says I want a resource,
the cache goes and gets it for user.
It goes,
makes a fetch to the outside world.
And then when it comes back,
it's got this thing in the fallback cache.
And then the twist on this
is remember that from our
QR code exercise we have the ability
to post message to a worker,
and for that worker to post
message back to the application.
So in that case,
we can notify the app that a new
resource is available, and the application
can handle that however is appropriate.
So in the case of images, let's say
Frontend Masters has a service worker and
they change all of the instructor photos.
And for some reason, it's really
important for those to be live updated.
You could ask for the instructor photo,
and it's gonna go and get.
It's gonna say here's the cached one
that I've had for the past month.
And while you do your thing,
I'm gonna go out to the Internet,
fetch the new version of it, and
I'm gonna let you know when I have it.
And at that point the app could say,
this image is here now.
It's been updated.
I'm now go and refresh that image and
render it on the screen.
So some things are safe to
like swap out right away.
Obviously, not okay for
something like JavaScript cuz you
have scope to worry about and state.
>> Mike North: So here is a rough idea
of the cache and the network strategy.
Again, we are having a bias for
using the cache first,
falling back to the network in the event
that the cache is not working out, right,
with this fetchFromNetwork
in the cache handler, right?
And actually, cache the network is
what you've already implemented.
This is the one you're
already implemented.
So this was the fallback image.
>> Mike North: And here, so we had
a specific image that we were using for
grocery images, right?
We've matched that mime type and
had that images path as part of
our test to see if this request is for
that specific kind of resource.
This code right here you can copy and
paste, like the event.respondWith(.
This could be a drop-in for you to
have 404 images of whatever you like.
So this is one of the things
that older offline strategies,
like AppCache, did not provide
us with a solution for, right?
We were stuck with those empty
frames of images, and oftentimes,
that would result in layout
shifting all over the place.
>> Mike North: So with that, we've
learned a bunch of caching strategies.
We need a means of
composing them together.
And the two things I want you to remember
are the ability to check the URL for
certain patterns, comparing origin.
Right, so
we could do event.request origin,
and that would give you, in our case,
https://localhost:3000.
So that's a useful check for
certain type of things.
Usually for
these cash fall back situations,
you only wanna deal with your
application assets in that case.
And the second tool you're
gonna use is the acceptHeader.
So here's a little cheat sheet for you
in an effort to give you a framework for
putting something like this in your
fetch handler and then diverting
out into specific scenario based methods
for handling those different cases.
>> Mike North: So
in terms of my advice here like precache,
I'm just recapping here cuz
we're about dive into exercise.
Precache assets you know
about at build time.
Cache on the fly and fall back to
assets that come from a database maybe.
Our grocery images,
those come from a database.
We don't know all of the URLs for
all of the grocery images.
So those sort of as you encounter them,
store them for later.
And then have a bias towards making
your app boot really quickly,
and it's okay to trade a little bit
of freshness in order to get that.
Because there's real business about you
tied to being able to boot quickly.
And being one version out of date,
oftentimes, if you're building things in
a way that is backwards compatible,
that shouldn't be a problem.
I mean unless there's a security issue or
something like that.
And we will talk about situations where
if you really need to push something out,
you can override that.
You can leave yourself
a little escape hatch.